[Music]
if you know something about what
transpired here it's your obligation and
to report it what is she saying
it's good it's like you don't know it
their only concern is the asset the
Soviets want it do you have it
sure I'm getting it back did either of
you see someone coming in or out of the
lab nothing out of the ordinary this is
the most sensitive asset ever to be
housed in this facility how'd they get
in here we were looking at a highly
trained group with at least 10 men
efficient useless clockwork precision
I'm gonna be synchronizing our watches
just like they do in the movies mmm son
unfuck this mess
you deliver that's what you do you
deliver right right you know something
you're not telling me you gotta tell me
we need to get him back in the water one
last time he's coming you gotta go now
and you got to take the thing with you I
[Music]
deliver
what you say to me
where's she saying what is she sighs
she's saying thank you
[Music]